I'm Harry hi Potter white kid galleons
I'm your brother
ten galleons how do I look it is you
know the Egyptians used to wash a cat
yeah I'm going with a dung beetle
your favorite line that say your
character ever said in any of the films
my favorite line is I'm going to bed for
either of you cut another clever idea to
get us killed or worse expelled and I
remember just getting so much joy out of
saying that now if you two don't mind
I'm beat bed before either of you come
up with another clever idea to get us
killed or worse expelled as you when you
said I still remember the line
she needs to saw her priorities I think
it was just a line that really for ten
years really summed up Neville and it
was in number two and it was just when
he's hanging from the chandelier he says
why is it always me we have to use my
first ever line that actually wasn't in
the script and onei happened on her
platform 9 3 quarters weren't good luck
to hurry
first we did a bit of a run
good luck that was them the beginning
and I ended on the same set
I'd say mad eyes dead that was my dad's
that one mad I was dead
I've actually got two the first one
would be in the first movie when I
sounded like I just swallowed of helium
and said honestly woman you call
yourself our mother so I remember being
really excited if I said that's my mom
I'd be looking for a smack so he's not
Fred I am honestly woman you call
yourself our mother I'm sorry George and
my second one would be mischief managed
which I think sums of the characters
pretty well oh when you don't just to
give it a tap and say mischeif managed
otherwise anyone can read it I think my
favorite line would be in deafening
house part 1 when Harry and Ginny of
just kissing and George creeps right
behind and limbs good morning it's pre
yeah it was the most uncomfortable
moment I think for Harry T to go through
morning I like when she says don't call
me Nymphadora gets really angry at
mad-eye moody my hair gender color
don't call me Nymphadora I think the my
favorite line that I got to say is the
moment that she stands up in the
Forbidden Forest and says dead oh I
think my favorite one has got to be not
my daughter you my favorite lines
actually one of Daniels because my first
days work won my first shot was walking
away from Dumbledore's desk and I turned
around to him unexpectedly to him and I
said let us hope mr. Potter will always
be around to save the day and he looked
up and he puffed his chest out he said
don't worry I will be pretty impressive
but I told her all that he's her he
stayed that impressive ever since
you